be waiting for race together both
waiting for rain so biddable how's my
hair like it's terrible okay squeeze you
into let's pop out ha dude dude dude hey
dude dude dude seriously hey guys so
today we are going to be doing the
chubby bunny challenge baloney basically
it's an excuse to shove a bunch of mark
basically it's an excuse to shove a
bunch of marshmallows into your mouth
and you can eat them right back if I
can't really see beans in the video so
it looks like I'm just scratching myself
you can go there with his head when he
goes away it's just like there's my hand
together down there there's a dog in my
life so we are going to be doing the
chubby bunny challenge and that just
means that we're going to share
marshmallows into our faces I think that
huge breath how do you you look we got
you found not just any marshmallows we
found bunny Marshman okay okay are we
ready to start this challenge so ready
he's not beyond ready such chubby bunny
bunny yeah I was raised we buddy fuzzy
bunny chubby bunny the same all right
okay here we go go team go respect first
marshmallow bunny all right here we go
ready kiss chubby bunny you have to
forget to get in there first of all
she'll be fine I bet these are bigger
than normal white marsh mallow all right
to or not I think we're gets a four or
five chubby bunny already she's already
done this is disgusting if I boy chubby
bunny they're getting mushy it's gross
can you get it in there come on don't
you don't you sorry hmm yeah chubby
bunny the two-finger refresh it really
works look this is disgusting I got four
more you goon they really only got me
yeah keep going to be ready don't choke
ass coming even
oh my gosh those are huge Buffy's don't
smush like normal marshmallow it stays
solid I like was excited to eat these
and I'm not excited anymore okay so i
take you one smells very much just like
that my fingers are sticky she said so
many empty calories you spit them how
they dissolved in my mouth I felt it so
I'm not gonna high-five you or give you
any elbow respect hey facebook alright
guys that was our chubby chubby bunny
disgusting challenge I'm going to get
the stickiness off with my fingers now
done by
you want more oh